

There was a misunderstanding last meeting where some people thought 
we were going to make classes when instead we can go fully procedural using
the classes already supplied by the framework. 
This should be fixed before next meeting. 
Other people are continuing work on their assigned tasks.



next meeting Monday 11th 2pm